Doctor: Good morning, how are you feeling today? Patient: Not so good, doctor. Doctor: I see. Can you tell me what symptoms you have been experiencing recently? Patient: Yes, I have a dry cough, fever, and limb pain. Doctor: Alright. And when did you start experiencing these symptoms? Patient: It was 4 days ago. Doctor: I see. And did you experience anything else besides these symptoms? Patient: Yes, I had exertional dyspnea and was hospitalized one day later. Doctor: I understand. And what was your diagnosis after being hospitalized? Patient: Pneumonia. Doctor: Yes, I see it here in your file. And it developed into ARDS, correct? Patient: Yes, that's right. Doctor: And you required mechanical ventilation and intermittent dialysis, is that correct? Patient: Yes, that's correct. Doctor: After extubation, how was your oxygenation? Patient: It was stable with 2 to 3 L/min of oxygen. Doctor: That's good to hear. And I see here that you were disoriented and could not communicate verbally. Can you tell me more about that? Patient: Yes, I was disoriented and couldn't communicate. Doctor: I see. And you also had weakness in your body, correct? Patient: Yes, that's right. Doctor: And you also had paresthesia and reduced swallowing frequency, is that correct? Patient: Yes, that's correct. Doctor: I see. The physical therapist confirmed severe dysphagia with the Gugging Swallowing Screen, correct? Patient: Yes, that's right. Doctor: And you were treated nil by mouth and received dysphagia therapy, correct? Patient: Yes, that's correct. Doctor: And after some time, you started to communicate in single-word phrases, correct? Patient: Yes, that's right. Doctor: And although your dysphagia continued to be severe, you managed to swallow pureéd food and mildly thick fluids under supervision, correct? Patient: Yes, that's correct. Doctor: And your cough strength was still weak, but you continued to progress and became capable of independent food ingestion, correct? Patient: Yes, that's correct. Doctor: That's great to hear. And you were discharged to a rehabilitation clinic 25 days after admission, correct? Patient: Yes, that's correct. Doctor: That's great. You have made a lot of progress. Keep up the good work.